The President: Hi, everybody.
This week, I traveled to
New England, where I was
joined by four governors
who are working to raise
the minimum wage in
each of their states.
And they've also joined me
in calling on Congress
to raise the minimum wage
from
$7.25 to $10.10 an hour.
Because it would give
nearly 800,000 Americans
in their states a raise -
and lift wages for about
28 million across
the country.
So these governors aren't
waiting for Congress
to make up its mind.
And in my State of the
Union Address, I asked
America's business leaders
to go ahead and do what
they could to raise their
employees' wages, too.
And increasingly, it's not
just large companies
like Costco or the Gap that
choose to pay their
employees higher
starting wages.
It's smaller businesses
like Jaxson's,
a family-owned ice cream
parlor in South Florida.
They answered the call and
raised their wages so that
more than 70 employees
would earn at least $10.10
an hour, without
cutting back on hiring.
And two weeks ago, an
Atlanta small business
owner named Darien
Southerland
wrote me to share a lesson
his grandmother taught him
- that if you treat your
employees right,
they'll treat you right.
And Vice President Biden
paid
him a visit this week.
I agree with these
business owners,
which is why I issued an
executive order requiring
federal contractors to pay their
employees a fair wage
of at least $10.10 an hour.
It's good for
our bottom line.
And working Americans have
struggled through stagnant
wages for far too long.
A clear majority of
Americans support raising
the minimum wage, because
we believe that nobody
who works full-time should
have to live in poverty.
About half of all
Republicans support
raising the
minimum wage, too.
It's just too bad they
don't serve in Congress.
Because the Republicans
who do serve in Congress
don't want to vote on
the minimum wage at all.
Some even want to get
rid of it completely.
Seriously.
That's why what business
leaders and everyday
Americans are doing
to raise wages
is so important.
Because change doesn't
come from Washington -
change comes
to Washington.
I've always believed that,
and it's true
in this case, too.
Outside Washington,
Americans are ready
to put aside old political
arguments
and move this country forward.
The American people are
way ahead of Congress
on this issue, and we've just
got to let Congress know that.
It's time for "ten-ten."
It's time to give
America a raise.
And it's time to restore
opportunity for all.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.